String 1 = "“It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.”/n In other words, your family’s past and where you come from are not a representation of yourself and it is you, who choose to define your character and being in this massive world.";
String 2 = "“Quit, don’t quit. Noodles, don’t noodles… You are too concerned with what was and what will be. There’s a saying: Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.”/n Keep in mind that the unnecessary worries will force us into missing out on the good parts of our lives and they will do nothing but occupy our minds with the regrets of the past and the unknowns of the future.";
String 3 = "“There is always something more to learn. Even for a master.”/n Even when you become a professional at what you do, there’s always something new to learn and a chance to grow further from where you are now. Therefore, you should always try and learn new things by seeking knowledge in your area of expertise. This way you will keep on growing every single day and become a better version of yourself than you were yesterday.";
String 4 = "“Your mind is like this water my friend, when it is agitated it becomes difficult to see, but if you allow it to settle, the answer becomes clear.”/n That is why you need to be calm and have your mind cleared when making life-changing and vital decisions because if you don’t consider this approach you will very likely end up regretting your decisions. Taking this step will help you choose more wisely and decide what’s best for you. So keep your mind settled and away from what may distort you.";
String 5 = "“If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now.”/n This Master Oogway quote points to a fact that some of us don’t really know what we’re capable of doing and we only keep repeating the things that we know. For those, who want to see a change in their lives going further means making altercations in their lives instead of sticking to the same habits that they overdo on a daily basis. When you do something different from what you were doing before, you’ll have better chances of reaching a better place in your life. And as the saying goes “old ways won’t open new doors!”.";
String 6 = "“You are the master of your destiny: No one and nothing can come in between you and your destiny except you. Take destiny by the horns and have fun.”/n You are the leader in your life. controlling and moving toward your fate and destiny is only in your own hands. And nobody can manipulate what is destined for you. So believe in what you are and keep moving forward in the direction that you desire.";
String 7 = "“You just need to believe. You must believe.”/n There are times when we become desperate and feel down. So in order to overcome this despair and frustration, the first thing we need to do is believe in ourselves and the things that we want to achieve. By having faith in what we do, we’ll prove that nothing can get in our way to reach our main goal.";
String 8 = "“There is just news. There is no good or bad.”/n In this quote, what Master Oogway tries to point out is that when we hear certain news the first thing we do would be to interpret that news as bad or good. But in real life, it is not about the context of that news but about the way our minds interpret that piece of information. Therefore, instead of categorizing things as good or bad, let’s try to shape our minds in a way that they react to things in a calm way before jumping to any conclusions.";
String 9 = "“When the path you walk always leads back to yourself, you never get anywhere.”/n This quote means that you’ll go round in circles and never change your place if you never alter something in your life. Always be open to change, especially the change that you are sure will bring you good results.If you make different but better choices from now on, you’ll feel the difference as time goes by.";
String 10 = "“When will you realize? The more you take, the less you have.”/n In life, there’s a certain capacity for everything. We should use anything that we have in our hands in the correct way and not go for too much. For this to be possible, we need to understand the limitations of everything and never use them far from what is expected. Because if we go for too much abundance we may not like the result in the end. In other words, don’t go for too much but at the same time don’t go for too less, and balance your life by respecting the needs of others.";
String 11 = "Shifu: “But a peach cannot defeat Tai Lung!” Oogway: “Maybe it can… If you are willing to guide it, to nurture it. To believe in it.”/n As you probably remember, Master Shifu doubts Po being chosen for being the Dragon Warrior. So he argues with Oogway and tells him he can’t defeat the enemy.However, the wise Master Oogway tells him to lead Po and train him so that he’ll achieve his destiny. This means that we should always have faith and belief in ourselves. Also by training, practicing, and hard work we’ll achieve what we want.";
String 12 = "“There are no accidents”/n When something bad happens to you, never say why me. Everything happens for a reason whether it’s good or bad. Learn from your mistakes and be optimistic. Because life has its ups and downs and there is always a reason behind each occurrence no matter how small or big.So rather than losing your hope, believe that great things will happen at the right time and place.";
String 13 = "“One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it.”/n We sometimes neglect what’s truly good for us on our journey to success and only focus on the goal, not the lessons we learn on the way. To avoid getting distracted by unimportant things or focusing solely on your goals instead of the journey itself, try to enjoy the ride and be aware of your surroundings as you move forward.";
String 14 = "“You must let go of the illusion of control.”/n Keep in mind that you can’t control everything in your life and only control things that you are sure you can handle. For instance, who to befriend with, when to sleep, who to go out with and etc. This way you’ll get to know what to choose as your priority first and manage your time and energy of yours in the best possible way.";
String 15 = "“I think they will all lose until they find a battle worth fighting.”/n Here we can understand from this quote that not everything is worth fighting for. There are certain battles, or in other words, problems that are worth fighting because by solving them we achieve what we want and get closer to our main purpose.";
String 16 = "“Look at this tree. I cannot make it blossom when it suits me, nor make it bear fruit before its time.”/n From this quote, we can realize that not everything is in our hands. For instance, we can’t turn daylight into the night nor travel to the past and change our previous regrets. Everything needs time and patience, so be patient and know that everything happens when it needs to happen.";
String 17 = "“Use your skills for the good, young warrior. Find the one thing you were denied so long ago — compassion.”/n Using the abilities and skills that you have in a good way, makes you much closer to what you really want. This also makes you become an inspiration for others to follow in your footsteps. This quote also means that nothing can be solved with a negative mindset and the best way to approach a problem would be positivity.";
String 18 = "“Nothing is impossible.”/n If you want to reach your ultimate goal, you’ll experience a moment when you think that nothing is going to get in your way of achieving it.If you really think about it, this quote is true and despite the obstacles, you might encounter along the way, nothing could hold you back except yourself.";
String 19 = "“There are no coincidences in this world.” /n Sometimes we think of the unexpected happening to us and we end up drowning in our own thoughts by overthinking it. But what we keep on forgetting is that whatever happens in our lives is the result of what we did in the past.In this world that we live in, anything that happens is the result of previous events and actions and nothing can occur without a cause.";
String 20 = "“Inner peace, inner peace.” /n As simple as this quote may seem, Master Oogway always looked for peace and suggested others to look for it as well. So what we suggest you do is seek inner peace and always prioritize the clarity of your mind above anything else.This way you’ll become a better person and improve in many aspects of your life.";




